Population Distribution Analysis
This project provides visualizations of population distributions using a bar chart and a histogram. It also groups population data by regions using country metadata.

Overview
Visualizations:
Bar Chart: Top 10 most populous countries in 2023.
Histogram: Distribution of country populations in 2023 using bins (ranges).
Bar Chart by Region: Total population by region for 2023 using metadata for enhanced analysis.
Data Sources:
Population Data: Total population from 1960 to 2023 for all countries, obtained from the World Bank.
Country Metadata: Includes additional country-specific information such as region and income group.
Indicator Metadata: Provides detailed information on the indicator used (population, total).
Prerequisites
Before running the code, you will need to install the following Python libraries:

bash
Copy code
pip install pandas matplotlib
Files
API_SP.POP.TOTL_DS2_en_csv_v2_31753.csv: Population data for various countries.
Metadata_Country_API_SP.POP.TOTL_DS2_en_csv_v2_31753.csv: Country metadata including regions and income groups.
Metadata_Indicator_API_SP.POP.TOTL_DS2_en_csv_v2_31753.csv: Indicator metadata describing the data set (not needed for plotting but useful for context).
How to Run the Project
Download the Data: Place the CSV files in the same directory as your Python script.

Run the Code: Execute the provided Python script. It will generate:

A bar chart of the top 10 most populous countries in 2023.
A histogram of the distribution of populations across all countries in 2023.
A bar chart showing the total population by region in 2023.
Visualization: The charts will be displayed using matplotlib.

Code Breakdown
Bar Chart: Top 10 Most Populous Countries
This section of the code filters the population data for 2023 and selects the 10 most populous countries. It then creates a bar chart displaying these countries and their population sizes.

Histogram: Population Distribution
A histogram is used to group countries based on population ranges, allowing you to visualize the distribution of population sizes.

Bar Chart: Population by Region
This section merges the population data with country metadata, allowing the total population to be grouped by regions. It then creates a bar chart showing the population distribution across different regions.

Example Output
Bar Chart - Top 10 Countries:

Histogram - Population Distribution:

Bar Chart - Population by Region:
